
Push Button Circuit
What are required to test the circuit: just the PCB without the STM board.

Circuit Connections:


How to test: 
Remove this circuit off from STM board, and test without the code which saves time.
For each of the 5 buttons, Push button and measure the voltage of signal line before, during, and after the button press to observe state. 

What is expected to see as the output: 
The expected voltage of signal line before the button was pressed: 5V
The expected voltage of signal line during the button was pressed: 0V
The expected voltage of signal line after the button was pressed: 5V
And we won’t be using the external pullup resistors, as we are using the internal ones when we’re doing out final project. 
Therefore in this demonstration we will show the logic high and low will be 5V and 0V.



Display Circuit
What are required to test the circuit: just the PCB without the STM board, individually power on/off the segments.

Circuit Connections:

How to test: 
Just using the power supply and possibly external circuit to wire them up, to make the sure the seven segment drive circuit works fine. So that to show the circuit behaves normally. 
For the digit, if it was given as logic high(which was defined in the code), it will be lighted up, otherwise off. 

What is expected to see as the output: 
Each of the LED display digit should not consume more than 100mA current,as was required because of the STM board condition. 
Meanwhile each digit should light by switching the logic low and high.
So that all segment could be lighted up, in such way, all segment can display 8.
If we cannot make the each digit consume lower than 100mA current, which is not good for the STM board, we will resolder the resistors with higher resistance, so that we can limit the current to the accepted current under 100mA.



Op-Amp Circuit:
What are required to test the circuit: test the circuit without the STM board.

Circuit Connections:

How to test: 
Should get the input from the filter circuit, so the input would be from 100 - 8k Hz.
During the procedure the input voltage should be around 100mV.
We import an input to the Op-Amp circuit with an acceptable value like 100mV 

Expected output: 
When we import 100mV, we should get 2 out with 20 gain. 







Filter Circuit: 
What are required to test the circuit: Just the PCB

Circuit Connections:

How to test: input pure sine wave (1kHz), voltage shifted sine wave, then sweeping sine wave

Expected output: pure sine wave (1khz) should pass unaffected (slight phase shift but not filtered), voltage shifted sine wave (1kHz) should have its DC component filter but rest will pass, the sweeping sine wave should pass unaffected until ~ 8 kHz then the sine wave will be filtered out. 

If STM board used: the quantized DAC signal will be smoothed out as well as previously mentioned outcomes above. 
